Alright, we're back. Got a little black eye from this weekend. I
low-key probably need stitches, but I
Feel like you know face cuts are kind of cool. So might might let it ride
Anyways today, we're taking a look at reddit and x.com
Personally I use Instagram and TikTok as my primary source of social media
scanning
But it's worth touching on the value that reddit x and other text slash forum
style websites provide
Good framework I use is
Instagram and TikTok is a better representation of the general zeitgeist or
sort of collective unconscious
The the things that manifest
Themselves there through content sort of ideas and things that people are
interested in are
Generally more mass market
Whereas on reddit and x.com
It is easier and you are more likely to sort of fall into
And you are able to analyze these high intent cult like rabbit holes
Which are actually extremely important in their own respect. So I'll start off
here with a material example
Okay
During the last video I spoke a little bit about looks maxing
But let's let's go into this
Reddit channel
Yeah, it's obviously a joke, but I
Don't know why it's all women right now
It looks like it's just thirst traps. This is not how it used to be
When I first built you max it was filled with
You know
People like this pretty normal looking dudes
Asking for advice on how to improve their facial aesthetics
I would bet that part of it here is like the pictures of girls are just more
likely to get up up votes
But you know
Okay, so we used to actually I used to sponsor so if you go back to look some
accent advice from years ago
Every single post had a tri you max. I guess someone else probably out bit us
recently
I don't really put any operational effort into you max anymore
But anyways
Enough general background. What's the key takeaway here?
There are a ton of people on the internet that are asking for advice on how to
improve their facial aesthetics
They want ratings as well as advice
So I had first seen this on TikTok. I found forums like our slash looks maxing
advice as well as
As well as the looks maxing forum, so I think we can
Find this looks maxing
There's like a dedicated looks maxing from -
This might be it
Another good example of this is body building
a
Forum I may have been deleted
Yeah, this used to be a really popular one the forums on bodybuilding.com
Anyways, you can go to these forums and you can see what people are asking for
Then the next step there is do your market research
Which we'll talk about in the next video and if the products that are solving
these problems
Don't already exist. That's a great signal that you can build them and then use
these communities as your initial method of penetration and
and
and generating distribution traffic awareness that sort of thing
What you'll often find is that the sort of
Niches and content that people are interested in on short form. So TikTok and
Instagram will also have companion
forums on Reddit and
X as we'll later look into so if we go to no FAP
Hmm
I know that there used to be a popular
Maybe oh here
Why is it hidden? That's so weird. Okay. Well, there is a reddit forum of no F
AP which has 1.2 million members
Is this Twitter, maybe this is a different application anyways
When Alex and Connor were building quitter they saw this sort of organic
Movement on on these different forum websites as well as short form social
media
And if you go here and you read these
These posts what you'll find is you'll be able to very easily put yourself into
the mind of people who are trying to
You know achieve these different results for looks maxing they want to find out
how attractive they are and how they can become more attractive
For no fact they want to figure out how to develop the discipline to be able to
overcome their addiction to pornography and masturbation
So these these reddit forums are an absolute gold mine
For for figuring out what the wants and desires are of the really high intent
users
So you can identify these either large or quickly growing communities. So no F
AP has been large for a while
On the other end for umax
You know looks maxing was was very high growth at that point
You identify the problems that these people are experiencing and then what are
the solutions that they're directly or indirectly asking for
Okay, now we can move over to x
Okay, so I started here on politics
Because as I mentioned yesterday this sort of like
anti-deep state
America first movement is growing very quickly
one idea for a product
This might be a slightly one of these like slightly over intellectualized
products
But would probably go viral nevertheless
Would be a product where you can input any individuals name and
See who they're deeply connected to who they have ties to who they've received
funding from
and
And essentially identify with individuals background biases are
So politics obviously always super viral. There's still very few apps built in
that domain. So it could could be interesting
Okay, I'm gonna keep scrolling a little bit
Mmm crypto crypto as well as financial X is always very large
building strategic tooling for
individuals to to to source higher quality information could be very
interesting for example
I know that these these deep research AI models are very effective at
You know quickly and and exhaustively scraping
The internet for for different for news and information on different topics,
right?
You could build a product with an interface that makes it really easy to enter
a ticker for
Stocks and or
Cryptocorns and help identify information that can help these short-term swing
traders
Make more informed decisions. Now. I'm not deeply familiar with this industry
and I'm sure it'd be difficult to build something that actually
Captures and creates any amount of alpha for the individual but
An idea nevertheless that may be worth investigating
Career I think is very interesting. You know, I think I think I
I
Think that we're moving towards an increasingly efficient
Let me rephrase I think we're moving towards an increasingly
Brutal and difficult and yet at the same time probably efficient job market for
new graduates and
It's extremely difficult to get a job like I'd like to think of myself as a
very
intelligent and
thoughtful individual who would be valuable within any organization and yet I
applied to
Probably over 200 jobs and internships throughout college, and I never even got
a second round interview
I'm not joking. I never got a second round interview. I got maybe like three or
four first round interviews
But everybody wrote me off
So it's a brutal job market out there and it's honestly something people are
willing to pay a lot for people pay, you know
50,000 plus dollars a year for university education with hopes that they'll get
a job
Now any tool that can help people get jobs like actually get the fucking jobs
Be extremely valuable people would pay a lot of money for so I know that there
are a lot of people trying to build AI agents for this
but
You know even something as simple as like a career AI product where it auto
applies to jobs for you has your sort of like AI
interview helper like Cluely style whatever it may be and
And and helps you identify jobs
Once again using agents to search
applies helps build out the best resume for you helps coach you into how to
become the most effective
Sort of
Employee candidate right that would that would
That product could could absolutely rip like even my younger brother recently I
was actually able to help him get a job
you know nepotism
It is what it is. He's smart. He deserves the job regardless 1580 SAT
but
He as well even with that 1580 SAT had such a hard time
If someone had shown me a tool like this that was actually effective
I would have told him to pay hundreds of dollars a month for it or I probably
would have
Bought it for him, but you know something along those lines
anyways
um
Yeah careers massive not many people have built products in this base
successful products rather I should say
So you know that that's an example that was inspired not by me seeing an
individual post but like kind of generally
understanding the the larger order problems that people nowadays face as well
as what the available technology
Could provide in terms of solving it also knowing that none of these projects
products on the market are actually that effective
Right, so we're taking a lot of outside information just on the basis of the
category
um
I don't have like super specific
recommendations on how to find and identify problems on on X though
I'm sure just by curating your feed and and consuming high quality information
You'll be able to more properly identify
And you know, I think that's always important to stay stay in touch with what's
going viral at any given moment
Right Zach for example, Zach went insanely viral with his
SAT tweet, let's see it'll be something along the lines of like
it's like um
What a
Job my aunt
from
Was it Zach yet a gary?
I
Wait, let's see what's Zach's Zach underscore yeah, Gary
Huh
You had to highlight oh yeah, here we go um
Zach went extremely viral for getting rejected from so many colleges in spite
of being
one of the most competent candidates of all time in my opinion like I've spoken
to hundreds of
You know 17 18 year olds that have reached out asked me for advice
Zach blows and these are all fucking smart high achieving kids
Zach blows every single one of them out of the water
And yet you got rejected from like almost every single school that he applied
to
The reason I bring this up
This this was like one of the most viral things in the news at the time right
did 30 million views
People are speaking about it on news stations and whatnot if you generally stay
up to date with what's going super viral
You'll be able to identify the the most pressing problems that people face
And sort of build around it
Okay
I
Think that generally concludes my spiel for reddit and x.com as well as
scraping other forum website
I don't have an extremely strict methodology here, but rather that you know as
you begin to form your idea
These can provide more in-depth
Information and sort of data to help inform your your your process of product
ideation
This can even serve as the the starting point of where you come with your idea.
It's not something that I've traditionally done
But but once again just another another solid data point
Cool next up you're gonna have an assignment where you are going to
Think about problems that you experience
Scroll through social media come up with a ton of different ideas or rather
than a ton
I should say a bunch of different ideas and then you are going to write a
little bit about a few of them in the next unit
We're gonna go over market research and
Analyzing your idea before we get into the more material components of building
an app
The modules being design development and distribution. So I will see you guys
in the next video
[BLANK_AUDIO]